Update documents with current information. (#79)
cisagov/development-guide: CONTRIBUTING.md

you attempt to commit.  If you want to run the checks against the
entire repo, just execute `pre-commit run --all-files`.

> ## Quality Assurance/Code reviews ##

Reviewer: [We only capitalize the first word of secondary headings](https://github.com/cisagov/development-guide/blob/develop/style-guide.md#headers-and-headings):
```suggestion
## Quality assurance/code reviews ##
```

In order to maintain standardization with practices, ensure security standards
are being met, and to incorporate third party code as seamlessly as possible,

> submitted code will go through our quality assurance team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
submitted code will go through our quality assurance (QA) team.
```

Code contributors are welcome to start communications with QA as early as
project inception, but will need to engage prior to any code submissions.

Third parties are responsible for coordinating initial code reviews between

> members of their support teams to ensure quality code is merged

Reviewer: Remember that code contributors may be third parties that are creating whole new projects, or they may be folks who are fixing a typo in a README.  The latter probably do not need to engage prior to any code submissions, although their PRs will certainly be subject to all the QA jazz.

Regarding the paragraph that begins, "Third parties are responsible...", I don't understand what is meant by "...coordinating initial code reviews between
members of their support teams...".  Can you make that a little clearer?

Finally, I don't think there needs to be a carriage return between "...will go through out quality assurance team." and "Code contributors are welcome..."  This document should be able to be read clearly both as plain text and when rendered as Markdown.

Reviewer: Also, I think there is some conflation between "code contributors" and "third parties" here.  We need to either use the same nomenclature everywhere or make the definitions clear.

Reviewer: This conversation still hasn't been addressed.  First the language needs to be made clearer by @jmorrowomni, since I don't fully understand what is being said, and after that @cisagov/team-ois needs to acknowledge that it agrees with the content.

Reviewer 2: @jmorrowomni - have you had a chance to clarify the wording here?  Do you have any questions or blockers that we can assist you with?

Reviewer: Resolved in commit f34b45e.

you attempt to commit.  If you want to run the checks against the
entire repo, just execute `pre-commit run --all-files`.

> ## Quality assurance/code reviews ##
> 
> In order to maintain standardization with practices, ensure security standards
> are being met, and to incorporate third party code as seamlessly as possible,
> submitted code will go through our quality assurance team.
> 
> Code contributors are able to coordinate with the quality assurance (QA) team
> at any point in their projects. We would recommend initiating the discussions
> as early as possible, to decrease the likelihood of blockers to merging or
> using their code occurring later in the process. However, the QA team is not
> responsible for the success of the project or ensuring all team members follow
> the development standards which have been established. Any discussions or
> initial input is a courtesy evaluation, where contributing teams remain
> responsible for the quality of their code, internal coordination,
> and alignment with the standards set forth in this guide.

Reviewer: Grammatical things and minor language changes to make it read more smoothly.
```suggestion
## Quality assurance and code reviews ##

In order to maintain standardization of practices, ensure security standards
are being met, and incorporate third party code as seamlessly as possible,
submitted code will go through our quality assurance (QA) team.

Code contributors are able to coordinate with the quality assurance team
at any point during the contribution process. We recommend initiating the discussions
as early as possible, to decrease the likelihood of issues around merging or
using the contributed code occurring late in the process. However, the QA team is not
responsible for the success of the project or for ensuring that all team members follow
the development standards which have been established. Any discussions or
initial input are a courtesy evaluation, and contributing teams remain
responsible for the quality of their code, internal coordination,
and alignment with the standards set forth in this guide.
```

I still feel like this section addresses large scale contributors ("I'm want to create a new `cisagov` repo") but does not address/apply to small scale contributors ("I want to fix a typo in the documentation in an existing `cisagov` repo" or "I want to add an additional test to an existing `cisagov` repo").

Reviewer: The new wording does address the scale of the contribution, but it does not take into account the grammatical jazz I suggested [here](https://github.com/cisagov/development-guide/pull/79#discussion_r1089397533).  I have repeated those suggestions (with a few additions) [here](https://github.com/cisagov/development-guide/pull/79#discussion_r1129741363).

Reviewer: Resolved in commit f34b45e.

you attempt to commit.  If you want to run the checks against the
entire repo, just execute `pre-commit run --all-files`.

> ## Quality assurance/code reviews ##
> 
> In order to maintain standardization with practices, ensure security standards
> are being met, and to incorporate third party code as seamlessly as possible,
> all submitted code will go through our quality assurance team.
> 
> Code contributors are able to coordinate with the QA team at any point in their
> projects. We would recommend initiating the discussions as early as possible, to
> decrease the likelihood of blockers to merging or using their code occurring
> later in the process. However, the QA team is not responsible for the success of
> the project or ensuring all team members follow the development standards which
> have been established. Any discussion or initial input is a courtesy evaluation,
> where contributing teams remain responsible for the quality of their code,
> internal coordination, and alignment with the standards set forth in this guide.
> 
> The type of contribution being made (e.g. typo corrections vs a new repository),
> complexity of code change (e.g. adding a new test vs adding a new function), and
> the testability of the code (e.g. well documented and replicable) will factor
> into the level of interaction needed with the quality assurance (QA) team.

Reviewer: Grammar and language tweaks:
```suggestion
## Quality assurance and code reviews ##

In order to maintain standardization of practices, ensure security standards
are being met, and to incorporate third party code as seamlessly as possible,
all submitted code will go through our quality assurance (QA) team.

Code contributors are able to coordinate with the QA team at any point during
the contribution process. We recommend initiating the discussions as early as
possible, to decrease the likelihood of issues around merging or using the
contributed code occurring late in the process. However, the QA team is not
responsible for the success of the project or for ensuring that all team
members follow the development standards which have been established. Any
discussions or initial inputs are a courtesy evaluation, and contributing teams
remain responsible for the quality of their code, internal coordination, and
alignment with the standards set forth in this guide.

The type of contribution being made (e.g. typo corrections vs a new repository),
complexity of code change (e.g. adding a new test vs adding a new function), and
the testability of the code (e.g. well-documented and replicable) will factor
into the level of interaction needed with the QA team.
```

you attempt to commit.  If you want to run the checks against the
entire repo, just execute `pre-commit run --all-files`.

## Quality assurance and code reviews ##

In order to maintain standardization of practices, ensure security standards
are being met, and to incorporate third party code as seamlessly as possible,
all submitted code will go through our quality assurance (QA) team.

Code contributors are able to coordinate with the QA team at any point during
the contribution process. We recommend initiating the discussions as early as
possible, to decrease the likelihood of issues around merging or using the
contributed code occurring late in the process. However, the QA team is not
responsible for the success of the project or for ensuring that all team
members follow the development standards which have been established. Any
discussions or initial inputs are a courtesy evaluation, and contributing teams
remain responsible for the quality of their code, internal coordination, and
alignment with the standards set forth in this guide.

> The type of contribution being made (e.g. typo corrections vs a new repository),
> complexity of code change (e.g. adding a new test vs adding a new function), and

Reviewer 3: Per the conversation in https://github.com/cisagov/development-guide/pull/87#discussion_r1164360732:

```suggestion
The type of contribution being made (e.g. typo corrections vs. a new repository),
complexity of code change (e.g. adding a new test vs. adding a new function), and
```
